chore(docs): Update tutorial part 5 with a better fitting screenshot (#36741)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/tutorial/part-5/index.mdx

```

5. When you refresh your Blog page in the web browser, you should see your post excerpt rendered!
    ![A screenshot of the Blog page in a web browser. Now, underneath the date for each post, the excerpt of the blog post are also being rendered.](./blog-page-with-excerpt-posts.png)
    
<Announcement style={{marginBottom: "1.5rem"}}>

> **Note:** The excerpt which is returned by the query doesn't contain the MDX formatting so your preview looks a bit weird. But don't worry, you are going to implement a better solution later.

Reviewer: "weird" seems a bit informal to me, how about:

```suggestion
**Note:** The excerpt which is returned by the query doesn't contain HTML tags so the unordered list for "My First Post" isn't rendered correctly. But don't worry, you are going to implement a better solution later.
```
